Fix complex import manual (#9)
COVESA/ramses-composer-docs: complex_import/manual.md

* Cylinder/TX+2   (a cylinder object which is translated along the X axis by 2 units in the positive direction)
* Cone/TY+5/RX-90  (a cone which is translated along Y by +5 units, and rotated around X by -90 degrees)

> * Meshes have a 'Mesh' suffix in the name, Materials have a 'Mat_' prefix

Reviewer: Is it also 'Mesh_' with underscore like 'Mat_' or 'Mesh'?

Author: Nope, it's just as it says. Not sure if worth the effort to change... It's a lot of work

<!-- TODO Violin There is a problem here rotations still don't work as expected, investigate more -->

There are also a few `Pivot` objects which don't have mesh data of their own, but only serve as local
coordinate systems for their children:

![](./docs/pivots.png)

We want to import the Blender contents into the Ramses Composer and keep the original node structure. In
the [Hello World](../hello_world/manual.md) and the [Monkey](../monkey/manual.md) examples we learned
how to import single meshes. The monkeys example creates three instances of a mesh, but the
referenced glTF file still contains only one mesh. For more complex scenes, especially such that contain
multiple nodes arranged hierarchically, it's not
convenient to import these one by one. The Ramses Composer supports the import of an entire scene graph
over the `Import GLTF Assets` function, which is available
via right click on any node in the `Scene Graph` view. See the
[details section on glTF import](#gltf-import-details) for more details.

> In this example, we will import all content from the `structure.gltf` file which was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will import all content from the `structure.gltf` file which was
```

exported from Blender:

![](./docs/import_dialogue.png)

After the import is finished, the result looks something like this:

![](./docs/after_import_viewport.png)

You must adapt the default camera parameters to have a better view of the scene:

![](./docs/camera_params.png)

Adapt the root node too:

![](./docs/node_params.png)

Since this example uses transparent objects which are order-dependent, you need a deterministic

> ordering mechanics to ensure consistent rendering. Select the MainRenderLayer object in the Resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
order to ensure consistent rendering. Select the MainRenderLayer object in the Resources
```

"a deterministic order" - should also make sense?

> menu and choose the option 'Scene graph order' in the `Render Order` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menu and choose the option `Scene graph order` in the `Render Order` field:
```

![](./docs/voxel_modifier_5.png)

You can arbitrarily modify all meshes' geometry and re-export - and the mesh's changes will be automatically imported by the Composer.
Note that nodes and their transformations will not be re-imported. If you move an object or rotate it differently - this change

> will not be re-imported by the Composer. You can import the entire file again, copy-paste only the nodes that you want re-imported, then delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will not be re-imported by the Composer. You can import the entire file again, copy-paste only the nodes that you want re-imported and then finally delete
```

the second copy of the import.

> 

Reviewer 2: With the new asset import dialog, the user does not need to reimport "the entire file" anymore - worth mentioning & changing the paragraph here?

Also worth noting - after import, the material settings (shader uniforms) are taken over from the material instance in the Composer. If you want to take over
existing settings, you have to manually transfer them (or copy-paste the newly imported MeshNode over the existing one).

## glTF import details

The glTF import option prompts the
selection of a glTF file to import, then proceeds to perform

> a one-time import of all nodes and meshes from the specified file. This option requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a one-time import of all nodes and meshes from that specified file. This option requires
```

selecting (right-click) a node in the Scene Graph view and attaches a root node
with the name of the glTF file under the selected node. All imported nodes are attached under
that root node. The import
menu also offers a selection menu to import only specific objects from the glTF file.

<!-- TODO Violin what happens with more than one scene? Also, add exact list of supported glTF objects -->

Here is a list of the glTF objects currently supported:

* scenes
* nodes
* meshes
* mesh data (accessors, bufferViews, buffers, etc.)

The following objects are not supported (yet):

* cameras
* animations
* images/samples/textures
* materials

Even though materials are not supported, there is a special behavior to use material/shaders created in the
Ramses Composer project. If a MeshNode N references a material M in the glTF file, and a material with name M

> exists in the Ramses Composer project, then the imported node N will automatically reference material M.

Author: Your suggestion isunfortunately wrong - it is _mesh_ which holds a reference to materials, indirectly over its primitives attribute:
https://www.khronos.org/registry/glTF/specs/2.0/glTF-2.0.html#reference-mesh
https://www.khronos.org/registry/glTF/specs/2.0/glTF-2.0.html#reference-mesh-primitive

> Ramses Composer project. If a MeshNode N references a material M in the glTF file, and a material with name M
> exists in the Ramses Composer project, then the imported node N will automatically reference material M.

Reviewer 2: True, so my suggestion is now:

```suggestion
Ramses Composer project. If a mesh primitive M references a material N in the glTF file, and the Ramses Composer scene
contains a Material with name N, then every imported MeshNode that references the mesh primitive M will automatically reference the material N.
```
